Hello everyone and welcome to the pantless exercises portion of the section.
So this exercise is going to test your new skills of pandas and we'll be working with the failed banks
data set.
It's going to be provided as a CSP file.
In case you weren't able to connect through HVM.
So you can find this in the panda's exercises subfolder in the general Pandurs folder.
Let's quickly show you how you can find this notebook and go through the exercises.
And then in the next lecture we'll actually go through the solutions.
I hop over to the folder now.
OK so him put her notebook under General Pandurs under those exercises you should see two files here
pensées exercise solutions and Panas exercises as well as the CSP file you'll be using.
So if you click on pads This exercises Ill open up a notebook and basically we have to do is just answer
are complete tasks in bold.
However there is a little caveat here.
I want you to do all the tasks in one line of Panda's code so if you get stuck it's no problem.
Check out the solutions lecture.
You should also note that there are multiple solutions to pretty much every task depending on how you
think about pandas.
You can do the tasks in multiple ways.
There is lots of one liners you could use.
So if you did it slightly different than the solutions don't worry as long as you got the same results.
So to start off with just import pandas and read in the bank the list that CACP file into a data frame
called Bank.
So for example I'll do this one with you because it's pretty easy you'll just import Pansy's PD and
then read in the CSP file so you'll have a data from it called banks and say PD resee S V and then if
you're in the same directory you can just tab out a complete bank list.
See if we let it read in and you're ready to go then you'll complete the tasks below like showing the
head of the data frame.
Where are the column names.
How many states are represented in the state of.
Get a list of all the set states in the dataset etc..
So you just keep going all along.
And as a quick note you'll notice that there's two cells one of them says code here and the other one
is blank.
The reason there's two cells is because if you accidentally type something in this cell and then run
it you would overwrite the expected output.
So keep that in mind.
You should actually just code here and then see if your output matches the expected output.
Trying not to write in the cell that is directly above the expected output.
And as a quick now on this question What are the top five acquiring institutions that acquired those
filled banks.
I listed no acquire as technically one of the top five.
You could kind of skip that one and then show the first top six.
If you actually want institutions that acquired them.
OK.
So if you keep going all the way down youll notice that theres a bonus question how many banks closed
in the year 2008.
This is technically kind of hard because we havent specifically learned how to do the all time series
data with pandas yet so feel free to skip this one.
There is a way you can do it with just pure strings which is what weve learned about so far.
So if you wanted to go for it if not just go ahead and skip it and we'll see when we actually learn
how to deal with Time series of panderers how you can best perform this.
Okay.
Thanks everyone.
Best of luck on the exercises and the next lecture will go through solutions.
I'll see you there.